IMPORTANT-READ CAREFULLY: DO NOT INSTALL, COPY OR USE THE LICENSED MATERIALS 
(AS DEFINED BELOW), OR ANY PORTION THEREOF, (COLLECTIVELY “LICENSED 
MATERIALS”) UNTIL YOU HAVE CAREFULLY READ AND AGREED TO THE FOLLOWING TERMS 
AND CONDITIONS. THIS IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT (“AGREEMENT”) BETWEEN YOU (EITHER AN 
INDIVIDUAL OR AN ENTITY) (“YOU”) AND ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC. (“AMD”).

IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT INSTALL, COPY OR 
USE THIS SOFTWARE. BY INSTALLING, COPYING OR USING THE LICENSED MATERIALS YOU 
AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. 

1. DEFINITIONS.
 
1.1 	“Derivative Works” means any work, revision, modification or 
adaptation made to or derived from the Sample Code in whole or in part. 

1.2	“Documentation” means documentation, associated, included, or provided in 
connection with the Licensed Materials, or any portion thereof, including but 
not limited to information provided online, electronically, or as install 
scripts.

1.3	“Free Software License” means an open source or other license that 
requires, as a condition of use, modification or distribution, that any 
resulting software must be (a) disclosed or distributed in source code form; 
(b) licensed for the purpose of making derivative works; or (c) 
redistributable at no charge. 

1.4	“Intellectual Property Rights” means all copyrights, trademarks, trade 
secrets, patents, mask works, and all related, similar, or other intellectual 
property rights recognized in any jurisdiction worldwide, including all 
applications and registrations with respect thereto. 

1.5	“Licensed Materials” means the Software Development Kits(s) including (a) 
Documentation; (b) Sample Code; (c) tools and utilities; and (d) Libraries.

1.6	“Licensed Purpose” means the creation of Licensee Software that works with 
AMD hardware products.

1.7	“Licensee Software” means any software developed or modified by You using 
the Licensed Materials, and which may include any Libraries and/or Derivative 
Works.

1.8	“Libraries” means library files in the Licensed Materials that may be 
statically or dynamically linked into Licensee Software for the Licensed 
Purpose.  

1.9	“Object Code” means the machine readable form of the Licensed Software (as 
opposed to the human readable form of computer programming code) created by or 
for You by compiling the Source Code, or as delivered by AMD, including the 
object code version of any Derivative Work.

1.10	“Sample Code” means the header files and Source Code identified within 
the Licensed Materials as sample code.

1.11	“Source Code” means computer programming code in the human readable 
form and related system level documentation, including all associated 
comments, symbols and any procedural code such as job control language. 

2.		LICENSE.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, AMD 
hereby grants You a non-exclusive, royalty-free, revocable, non-transferable, 
non-assignable limited copyright license solely for the Licensed Purpose, to:

	a)	install, use and copy the Licensed Materials internally at Your 
site(s); 
	b)	create Derivative Works solely for internal use; and 
	c)	distribute and sublicense the Object Code of the Sample Code, 
Derivative Works and Libraries as incorporated in Licensee Software to 
customers and end users (collectively, “Distribution Channel”) subject to 
an end user license agreement that meets the requirements in Section 3 
herein. 

3.		END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT. Distribution of the Licensee Software by 
You and Your Distribution Channel will be pursuant to an enforceable end user 
license agreement (“End User License Agreement”) with terms and conditions 
that at a minimum are substantially similar to those set forth in Sections 4, 
15, 16 and 17 herein and the following provisions: (a) Licensee Software may 
not be transferred or duplicated (except for reasonable backup); (b) Licensee 
Software may not be reverse engineered, disassembled or de-compiled; (c) all 
warranties must be disclaimed and AMD’s liability must be limited as set forth 
in Section 11 herein; (d) the end user must comply fully with all relevant 
export laws and regulations of the United States and other applicable export 
and import laws; (e) the end user must be notified that the Licensee Software 
is subject to a restricted license and can only be used for the Licensed 
Purpose; and (f) AMD is a third party beneficiary of all End User License 
Agreements.  

4.	RESTRICTIONS.  Except for the limited copyright license expressly granted 
in Section 2 herein, You have no other rights in the Licensed Materials, 
whether express, implied, arising by estoppel or otherwise.  Further 
restrictions regarding Your use of the Licensed Materials are set forth 
below.  Except as expressly authorized herein, You may not: 	

a)	distribute, publish, display, sublicense, assign or otherwise transfer the 
Licensed Materials (except when built into the Licensee Software);
b)	decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise reduce the Licensed 
Materials in Object Code to a human-perceivable form (except as expressly 
allowed by applicable law but then only to the limited extent of such law); 
c)	alter or remove any copyright, trademark or patent notice(s) in the 
Licensed Materials;
d)	use the Licensed Materials to: (i) develop inventions directly derived 
from Confidential Information to seek patent protection; (ii) assist in the 
analysis of Your patents and patent applications; or (iii) modify Your 
existing patents or patent applications; or
e)	use the Licensed Materials in way that requires that the Licensed 
Materials or any portion thereof be licensed under a Free Software License.

5.	THIRD PARTY MATERIALS.  Together with the Licensed Materials, AMD may 
include third party technologies (e.g. third party libraries) for which You 
must obtain licenses from parties other than AMD.  You agree that AMD has not 
obtained or conveyed to You, and that You shall be responsible for obtaining, 
Intellectual Property Rights to use and/or distribute the applicable, 
underlying Intellectual Property Rights related to the third party 
technologies.  These third party technologies are not licensed as part of the 
Licensed Materials and are not licensed under this Agreement.  

6.	NOTICE REGARDING STANDARDS.  AMD does not provide a license or sublicense 
to any Intellectual Property Rights relating to any standards, such as, 
including but not limited to any audio and/or video codec technologies such as 
MPEG-2, MPEG-3, MPEG-4; AVC/H.264; VC-1; and MP3 (collectively, the “Media 
Technologies”). For clarity, You will pay any royalties due for such third 
party technologies, which may include the Media Technologies that are owed as 
a result of AMD providing the Licensed Materials to You.  

7.	OTHER AMD SOFTWARE COMPONENTS.  The Licensed Materials may be accompanied 
by AMD software components (e.g. libraries, sample code) which are licensed to 
You under the terms and conditions of their respective licenses located in the 
directory with the software component.

8.	OWNERSHIP.  The Licensed Materials including all Intellectual Property 
Rights therein are and remain the sole and exclusive property of AMD or its 
licensors, and You shall have no right, title or interest therein except as 
expressly set forth in this Agreement.

9.	FEEDBACK.  You have no obligation to give AMD any suggestions, comments or 
other feedback (“Feedback”) relating to the Licensed Materials.  However, AMD 
may use and include any Feedback that it receives from You to improve the 
Licensed Materials or other AMD products, software and technologies.  
Accordingly, for any Feedback You provide to AMD, You grant AMD and its 
affiliates and subsidiaries a worldwide, non-exclusive, irrevocable, 
royalty-free, fully paid up, perpetual license to, directly or indirectly, 
use, reproduce, license, sublicense, distribute, make, have made, sell and 
otherwise commercialize the Feedback in the Licensed Materials or other AMD 
products, software and technologies.  You further agree not to provide any 
Feedback that (a) You know is subject to any Intellectual Property Rights of 
any third party or (b) is subject to license terms which seek to require any 
products incorporating or derived from such Feedback, or other AMD 
Intellectual Property, to be licensed to or otherwise shared with any third 
party.

10.	SUPPORT AND UPDATES.  AMD is under no obligation to provide any kind of 
support under this Agreement.  AMD may, in its sole discretion, provide to You 
updates to the Licensed Materials, and such updates will be covered as 
Licensed Materials under this Agreement.  

11.	WARRANTY DISCLAIMER, LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION.
11.1	 Disclaimer OF Warranty. THE LICENSED MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" 
WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.  AMD DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, 
OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, 
THAT THE LICENSED MATERIALS WILL RUN UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE OR THOSE 
ARISING FROM CUSTOM OF TRADE OR COURSE OF USAGE.  THE ENTIRE RISK ASSOCIATED 
WITH THE USE OF THE LICENSED MATERIALS IS ASSUMED BY YOU.  Some jurisdictions 
do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may 
not apply to You. 

11.2	Limitation of Liability.  AMD AND ITS LICENSORS WILL NOT, UNDER ANY 
CIRCUMSTANCES BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY PUNITIVE, DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, 
SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING FROM USE OF THE LICENSED MATERIALS OR 
THIS AGREEMENT EVEN IF AMD AND ITS LICENSORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE 
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  In no event shall AMD's total liability to You 
for all damages, losses, and causes of action (whether in contract, tort 
(including negligence) or otherwise) exceed the amount of $100 USD.  

11.3	Indemnification.  You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless AMD 
and its licensors, and any of their directors, officers, employees, affiliates 
or agents from and against any and all loss, damage, liability and other 
expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees), resulting from a) Your use, 
distribution or sublicense of the Licensed Materials, b)  violation of the 
terms and conditions of this Agreement by You or any sublicensee, or c) for 
failure by You to obtain and comply with third party licenses that may be 
required pursuant to Sections 5, 6 and 7 herein.  

12.	CONFIDENTIALITY. You shall protect the Licensed Materials and any 
information related thereto (collectively, “Confidential Information”) by 
using the same degree of care, but no less than a reasonable degree of care, 
to prevent the unauthorized use, dissemination or publication of the 
Confidential Information as You use to protect your own confidential 
information of a like nature.  You shall not disclose any Confidential 
Information disclosed hereunder to any third party and shall limit disclosure 
of Confidential Information to only those of its employees and contractors 
with a need to know and who are bound by confidentiality obligations with You 
at least as restrictive as those contained in this Agreement.  You shall be 
responsible for your employees and contractors adherence to the terms of this 
Agreement.  You may disclose Confidential Information in accordance with a 
judicial or other governmental order, provided that You either (a) give AMD 
reasonable notice prior to such disclosure to allow AMD a reasonable 
opportunity to seek a protective order or equivalent or (b) obtain written 
assurance from the applicable judicial or governmental entity that it will 
afford the Confidential Information the highest level of protection afforded 
under applicable law or regulation. 

13.	TERMINATION AND SURVIVAL. AMD may terminate the Agreement immediately upon 
the breach by You or any sublicensee of any of the terms of the Agreement. You 
may terminate the Agreement upon written notice to AMD and destruction of the 
Licensed Materials You accessed hereunder.  The termination of this Agreement 
shall: (i) immediately result in the termination of all rights granted by You 
to distribute the Licensed Materials and Derivative Works through multiple 
tiers of distribution under Section 2; and (ii) have no effect on any 
sublicenses previously granted by You to end users under Section 2(c) and 
which are compliant with all terms and conditions of this Agreement, which 
sublicenses shall survive in accordance with their terms. Upon termination or 
expiration of this Agreement, You will cease using and destroy or return to 
AMD all copies of the Confidential Information, including but not limited to 
the Licensed Materials. Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, all 
provisions survive except for Section 2.

14.	EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.  You shall adhere to all applicable U.S., European, 
and other export laws, including but not limited to the U.S. Export 
Administration Regulations (“EAR”) (15 C.F.R Sections 730-774), and E.U. 
Council Regulation (EC) No 428/2009 of 5 May 2009.  Further, pursuant to 
Section 740.6 of the EAR, You hereby certify that, except pursuant to a 
license granted by the United States Department of Commerce Bureau of Industry 
and Security or as otherwise permitted pursuant to a License Exception under 
the EAR, You will not (1) export, re-export or release to a national of a 
country in Country Groups D:1, E:1 or E:2 any restricted technology, software, 
or source code it receives from AMD, or (2) export to Country Groups D:1, E:1 
or E:2 the direct product of such technology or software, if such foreign 
produced direct product is subject to national security controls as identified 
on the Commerce Control List (currently found in Supplement 1 to Part 774 of 
EAR).  For the most current Country Group listings, or for additional 
information about the EAR or Your obligations under those regulations, please 
refer to the U.S. Bureau of Industry and Security’s website at 
http://www.bis.doc.gov/.  

15.	GOVERNMENT END USERS. The Licensed Materials are provided with “RESTRICTED 
RIGHTS.”  Use, duplication or disclosure by the Government is subject to 
restrictions as set forth in FAR 52.227-14 and DFAR 252.227-7013, et seq., or 
its successor.  Use of the Licensed Materials by the Government constitutes 
acknowledgment of AMD’s proprietary rights in it.
 
16.	GOVERNING LAW.  This Agreement is made under and shall be construed 
according to the laws of the State of Texas, excluding conflicts of law 
rules.  Each party submits to the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts 
of Travis County and the Western District of Texas for the purposes of this 
Agreement.  You acknowledge that Your breach of this Agreement may cause 
irreparable damage and You agree that AMD shall be entitled to seek injunctive 
relief under this Agreement, as well as such further relief as may be granted 
by a court of competent jurisdiction.

17. 	GENERAL PROVISIONS.  You may not assign this Agreement without the 
prior written consent of AMD and any assignment without such consent will be 
null and void.  This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each 
of which shall constitute a signed original.  Any facsimile or electronic 
image of this Agreement or writing referenced herein shall be valid and 
acceptable for all purposes as if it were an original.  The Parties do not 
intend that any agency or partnership relationship be created between them by 
this Agreement.  Each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such 
a manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law.  However, in the 
event that any provision of this Agreement becomes or is declared 
unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be 
deemed deleted and the remainder of this Agreement shall remain in full force 
and effect.  

18. 	ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and 
understanding between the Parties with respect to the Licensed Materials and 
supersedes and merges all prior oral and written agreements, discussions and 
understandings between them regarding the subject matter of this Agreement.  
No waiver or modification of any provision of this Agreement shall be binding 
unless made in writing and signed by an authorized representative of each Party.

If You agree to abide by the terms and conditions of this Agreement, please 
press “Accept.”  If You do not agree to abide by the terms and conditions of 
this Agreement, press “Decline” and You may not use or access the Materials.










